Contributing edits (#1088)
nvbn/thefuck: CONTRIBUTING.md

can to fix that. Actually, maybe we already have, so first thing to do is to
update The Fuck and see if the bug is still there.

> If it is (sorry again), check if the problem hasn't already been reported and

Reviewer: This does not add to the overall quality of this document.

Reviewer: Nonetheless, this can be incorporated. 👍

> If it is (sorry again), check if the problem hasn't already been reported and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is (sorry again), check if the problem has not already been reported and
```

As hasn't is a contraction of has not, the original text is correct.
